Oh max I'm an undercover cop working a
kidnapping case a baby panda was stolen
and they're using the dog show as a
front for animal smugglers
why are there dogs in this beatty that's
what partners are for what is happening
in this town let's take me Smuggler's
down there with the world's most
exclusive dog show and Max I'll be in
the right place I could have swore we
were backstage at a circus so like what
he's on a mission
wait you're a cop I'm working undercover
well if you actually win the whole show
nope hey you do remember I bite right
this spring all right coach what's our
first move turn you into this showed up
oh boy with a little bonding breathe you
waited for me to get back into that
video and some help from friends I'm
deputizing both of you yes sir I accept
but I get to be the bad cop they just
might solve the case
more different from other show dogs
maxis Appa so as a papa from the
director of Beverly Hills Chihuahua The
Smurfs and scooby-doo a team of crime
fighter with license to bite
Felipe what are you doing who says
police work and pampering can't go Paul
and Paul show dogs what's that bikini
wax
it's payback time wait the pain passes
but the beauty Jeremy